Key concepts
=============
The following components make up the Azure Blob Service:

The storage account itself
A container within the storage account
A blob within a container

The Azure Storage Blobs client library for Python allows you to interact with each of these components through the use of a dedicated client object.

Clients
--------
Four different clients are provided to interact with the various components of the Blob Service:

BlobServiceClient - this client represents interaction with the Azure storage account itself, and allows you to acquire preconfigured client instances 
to access the containers and blobs within. 
  It provides operations to retrieve and configure the account properties as well as list, create, and delete containers within the account. 
  To perform operations on a specific container or blob, retrieve a client using the get_container_client or get_blob_client methods.

ContainerClient - this client represents interaction with a specific container (which need not exist yet), and allows you to acquire preconfigured client instances 
to access the blobs within. 
It provides operations to create, delete, or configure a container and includes operations to list, upload, and delete the blobs within it. 
To perform operations on a specific blob within the container, retrieve a client using the get_blob_client method.

BlobClient - this client represents interaction with a specific blob (which need not exist yet). 
It provides operations to upload, download, delete, and create snapshots of a blob, as well as specific operations per blob type.

BlobLeaseClient - this client represents lease interactions with a ContainerClient or BlobClient. 
It provides operations to acquire, renew, release, change, and break a lease on a specified resource.

Blob Types
----------
Once you've initialized a Client, you can choose from the different types of blobs:

Block blobs - store text and binary data, up to approximately 4.75 TiB. Block blobs are made up of blocks of data that can be managed individually
Append blobs  - are made up of blocks like block blobs, but are optimized for append operations. 
  Append blobs are ideal for scenarios such as logging data from virtual machines
Page blobs - store random access files up to 8 TiB in size. Page blobs store virtual hard drive (VHD) files and serve as disks for Azure virtual machines
